Make grid axis use a more typical writing mode example (#38285)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/grid_axis/index.md

It is along these axes that items can be aligned and justified using the properties defined in the [Box Alignment specification](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_box_alignment).

> The _inline axis_ (also called row axis, or main axis) is the direction along which regular text flows. The _block axis_ (also called column axis, or cross axis) is the axis used when laying out blocks of text. The physical direction of these axes can change according to the [writing mode](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Grids_logical_values_and_writing_modes) of the document.

Reviewer: There is something about "the physical direction of" that doesn't quite work for me - I think because all directions here are physical.
We could do it something like this?

```suggestion
The _inline axis_ (also called row axis, or main axis) defines the path of regular text flow, while the _block axis_ (also called column axis, or cross axis) is the axis used when laying out blocks of text. The actual direction of text flow on these axes depends on the [writing mode](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Grids_logical_values_and_writing_modes) of the document.
```

I may be overcomplicating this. Approving so you can consider and self merge if you prefer your version.

Author: > The actual direction of text flow on these axes depends on the [writing mode](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Grids_logical_values_and_writing_modes) of the document.

This is more ambiguous IMO. The axes themselves are only defined after you have a writing mode. If your writing mode is horizontal-tb, then block axis runs top-bottom, but if your writing mode is vertical-rl, then block axis runs right-left. It's not that you have some fixed axes a priori and then writing-mode decides how the text should run relative to these axes.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

FWIW aren't row and column "absolute" terminologies related to tabular data - a row is always the x-axis and a column is always the y-axis? Even if they sometimes are called "row axis" and "column axis" I'm not sure that is useful for readers to know - `_inline axis_ (also called main axis)` seems less confusing.

Cheers.

Author: > FWIW aren't row and column "absolute" terminologies related to tabular data - a row is always the x-axis and a column is always the y-axis?

Assuming you mean "x-axis" as in "left-to-right" and "y-axis" as "top-to-bottom": no, a row can also run from top to bottom, if you are writing in a top-to-bottom script, as in traditional Chinese. This is the same in grids: if you have `writing-mode: vertical-rl`, then basically your whole page is rotated clockwise by 90deg. This is also why `margin-left` and `margin-inline-start` are not the same thing.
